If you're interested in all of the
features up coming in the next version of
Java Script.
There's a great link I'd
like to share with you.
It's linked in the next lecture.
It's a link on GitHub to
an explanation of a bunch of features.
So, take a look in the next lecture,
and you'll see it documented.
The whole lot of interesting things
that are coming to ECMASCRIPT 2015.
Or what's also called ECMASCRIPT 6.0.
The next version of Java Script.
Let's go take a look.
You can find it here on GitHub,
if you also do a Google search for ES6 and
ES6 features, one word.
It's a nice list that
is provided by someone.
With an explanation of the things
that are coming, like class.
Something we've already talked about.
We'll be talking about these things in
bonus lectures as the year goes on.
But it's good to be aware of them.